CMP-7446 scrolling differences (#362)
JetBrains/kotlin-multiplatform-dev-docs: topics/compose/compose-desktop-scrollbars.md

<img src="compose-desktop-lazy-scrollbar.animated.gif" alt="Lazy scrollbar" width="289" preview-src="compose-desktop-lazy-scrollbar.png"/>

## Known limitations

Currently, scrolling using touchscreens, touchpads, and trackpads is treated as mouse events, which can lead to glitches 

> and issues, such as the absence of `touchSlop` functionality. We are continually improving input and gesture handling 

Reviewer: We probably need a link or an explanation here, because I personally had no idea what touch slop is and why it's an issue when it is absent :)

I found no good link that doesn't land the reader in the thick of Android docs, but here's an attempt at explanation:

```suggestion
and issues such as the absence of touch slop (start scrolling only after the touch moves a certain distance). We are continually improving input and gesture handling 
```

<img src="compose-desktop-lazy-scrollbar.animated.gif" alt="Lazy scrollbar" width="289" preview-src="compose-desktop-lazy-scrollbar.png"/>

## Known limitations

Currently, scrolling using touchscreens, touchpads, and trackpads is treated as mouse events, which can lead to glitches 

> and issues, such as the lack of touch slop — a threshold distance used to differentiate intentional scrolling gestures 

Reviewer 2: I am not sure about touch slop. If it is emulated by OS, the OS should apply touch slop by itself.

I know about these issues:
- lack of pinch-to-zoom
- low-level events has `PointerInputChange.type == PointerType.Mouse`

The other issues are only potential, I can't tell if they really exist.

Author: And what about [CMP-6429/Desktop-Touch-slop-support-for-touch-devices-on-desktop-platforms](https://youtrack.jetbrains.com/issue/CMP-6429/)?

Reviewer 2: It is only for real touch events, it is required to support them. With emulated events, it shouldn't reproduce
